贡献作者
=====

Brian Baskin [MCP, CTT+] is a researcher and developer for Computer Sciences Corporation. In his work, he researches, develops, and instructs computer forensic techniques for members of the government, military, and law enforcement. Brian currently specializes in Linux/Solaris intrusion investigations, as well as in-depth analysis of various network protocols. 

He also has a penchant for penetration testing and is currently developing and teaching basic exploitation techniques for clients. 

Brian has been developing and instructing computer security courses since 2000, including presentations and training courses at the annual Department of Defense Cyber Crime Conference. He is an avid amateur programmer in many languages, beginning when his father purchased QuickC for him when he was 11, and has geared much of his life around the implementations of technology. Brian has written a handful of Mozilla Firefox extensions; some, like Passive Cache, are publicly available. He currently spends most of his time writing insecure PHP/ MySQL web-based apps. Brian has been a Linux fanatic since 1994, and is slowly being drawn to the dark side of Apples and Macs. 

Aaron W. Bayles is an INFOSEC Principal in Houston,Texas. He has provided services to clients with penetration testing, vulnerability assessment, risk assessments, and security design/architecture for enterprise networks. He has over 12 years experience with INFOSEC, with specific experience with wireless security,penetration testing,and incident response.Aaron’s background includes work as a senior security engineer with SAIC in Virginia and Texas. He is also the lead author of the Syngress book, InfoSec Career Hacking, Sell your Skillz, NotYour Soul, as well as a contributing author of the First Edition of Penetration Tester’s Open Source Toolkit. 

Aaron has provided INFOSEC support and penetration testing for multiple agencies in the U.S. Department of the Treasury, such as the Financial Management Service and Securities and Exchange Commission, and the Department of Homeland Security, such as U. S. Customs and 



Border Protection. He holds a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Computer Science with post-graduate work in Embedded Linux Programming from Sam Houston State University and is also a CISSP. 

Dan Connelly (MSIA, GSNA) is a Senior Penetration Tester for a Federal Agency in the Washington, D.C. area. He has a wide range of information technology experience including: web applications and database development, system administration, and network engineering. For the last 5 years, he has been dedicated to the information security industry providing: penetration testing, wireless audits, vulnerability assessments, and network security engineering for many federal agencies. Dan holds a Bachelor’s degree in Information Systems from Radford University, and a Master’s degree in Information Assurance from Norwich University. 

Michael J. Schearer is an active-duty Naval Flight Officer and Electronic Countermeasures Officer with the U.S. Navy. He flew combat missions during Operations Enduring Freedom, Southern Watch, and Iraqi Freedom. He later took his electronic warfare specialty to Iraq, where he embedded on the ground with Army units to lead the counter- IED fight. He currently serves as an instructor of Naval Science at the Pennsylvania State University Naval Reserve Officer Training Corps Unit, University Park, PA. 

Michael is an active member of the Church of WiFi and has spoken at Shmoocon, DEFCON, and Penn State’s Security Day, as well as other forums. His work has been cited in Forbes, InfoWorld and Wired. 

Michael is an alumnus of Bloomsburg University where he studied Political Science and Georgetown University where he obtained his degree in National Security Studies.While at Penn State, he is actively involved in IT issues. He is a licensed amateur radio operator, moderator of the Church of WiFi and Remote-Exploit Forums, and a regular on the DEFCON and NetStumbler forums. 

Eric S. Seagren (CISA, CISSP-ISSAP, SCNP, CCNA, CNE-4, MCP+I, MCSE-NT) has 10 years of experience in the computer industry, with the last eight years spent in the financial services industry working for a Fortune 100 company. Eric started his computer career working on Novell servers and performing general network troubleshooting for a small Houston-based company. Since he has been working in the financial services industry, his position and responsibilities have advanced steadily. His duties have included server administration, disaster recovery responsibilities, business continuity coordinator,Y2K remediation, network vulnerability assessment, and risk management responsibilities. He has spent the last few years as an IT architect and risk analyst, designing and evaluating secure, scalable, and redundant networks. 

Eric has worked on several books as a contributing author or technical editor.These include Hardening Network Security (McGraw-Hill), Hardening Network Infrastructure (McGraw-Hill), Hacking Exposed: Cisco Networks (McGraw-Hill), Configuring Check Point NGX VPN-1/FireWall-1 (Syngress), Firewall Fundamentals (Cisco Press), and Designing and Building Enterprise DMZs (Syngress). He has also received a CTM from Toastmasters of America. 

Thomas Wilhelm (ISSMP, CISSP, SCSECA, SCNA, SCSA, IAM) has been in the IT security industry since 1992 while serving in the U.S.Army as a Signals Intelligence Analyst / Russian Linguist / Cryptanalyst. Now living in Colorado Springs with his beautiful (and incredibly supportive) wife and two daughters, he is the founder of the De-ICE.net PenTest LiveCD open source project, which is designed to provide practice targets for those interested in learning how to perform penetration tests. He has spoken at security conventions across the U.S. and has been published both in magazine and in book form, with this contribution being his third with Syngress. 

Thomas is currently an Adjunct Professor at Colorado Technical University where he teaches Information Security. He is also a full-time PhD student studying Information Technology with a concentration in Information Security.Thomas holds two masters degrees – one in Computer Science and another in Management – and is employed as a penetration tester by a fortune 50 company. 